So we had a look at page components and layouts.
Now everything is looking actually in our very very simple demo application and we'll create a far more
beautiful one in the next course module when we dive into the course project.
But let's already understand where we can add styling and where we typically do it.
You can get styling directly to a page and you should add it by adding a style property.
And typically you would scope it by adding the scoped property.
This ensures that whatever you define here only applies to elements in this page.
So only M L elements and so on.
Add it to this page and then you can use the normal C-s as styles and dynamic views style features like
the bind style or viewpoint class.
All the things you already know from future yes.
So that is how you can style pages and they are used or did that is used to style the general page content
if you include components and you should do that for bigger building blocks then you would add the styling
directly into component as we're doing it for the header.
So in the header we could actually go up its fervor and style our links by removing the underlines with
text decoration nonne and giving them a color of white.
Now if we go back we would have these links here.
Maybe you use black here but if we Habra over one we turn it to white by adding Gnab items a habere
nav items a active and then giving it a color of white.
Now we have a certain styling that's applied to our head or component.
And that's not all however sometimes you have stars that should be applied.
Application wide.
If you have application wide styles you can either use a default of you fall into Layout folder.
However you will face an issue then if you are using multiple layouts because layouts.
Not using the default would not get Stahl's.
So let me show you how this works.
We could add aged female body and remove the margin here and if I do that then we would remove that
empty space between the header and the border of our page for The Root page for localhost 3000.
But on the user's page once you reload it because otherwise it didn't pick this up.
The margin is back there.
So this actually does not work as expected.
If we reload the page because then the layout is not taken into account because it has its own layout.
Sure we could add the styling to that too but wouldn't it be great to have one central place for Dadge
you can use the assets folder and maybe add a stylus subfolder and then there.
Let's add a main dot CSSA file.
The names here don't matter.
You could name the folder differently.
You could name the CSA as file differently.
Only the position DSS folder matters.
Now we could grab our aged female body is styling from the default of your file and put it into the
main not successful.
Now we just need to inform the future.
Yes that does see us as false should be loaded into our document for every document and to do that we
go to the next conflict file.
I'll dive deeper into that file later.
For now we can already do is we can go to that C-s as property which you should see by default.
If you don't just add it.
This is an array of Puff's pointing to C is as follows.
That should be loaded into every page.
So you pass a string here and you use the tiller here to reference the root folder.
That doesn't work here.
And then you point to assets.
Styles may not see SS So you point to dead C S S file.
By doing this and saving that file now every page will have the code you have and that C S as file included.
So if we go back and we reload this page for all users.
Now the margin is gone and the same is true on every page no matter how often we reload it and if we
enter anything here in Lotus we get the error page which all the is styling as you can see and that
is basically how you should think about it.
Use such a global file for global styles especially if you have multiple layouts.
If you don't feel free to use the default layout file instead the style section there don't add scoped.
Don't edit here because you want to have global styles or provide layouts specific styles of course.
Or finally go into your components and style.
These typically with scoped styles do not spoil the styles to other components or do it on the pages
or typically both.
Typically you use all these features because some styles are application wide.
Some are page specific and some are really component's specific.
Focusing on the component level is the best way though because you want to have reusable and standalone
pieces in your app.